We thought we'd play a little game,
it's called Does Daddy Really Know Best?
You two will be a team.
Let's bring out our other contestant.
From A.E. Wright Middle School,
please welcome 11-year-old Zachary Rifkin.
>> Boo!
>> [APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC]
>> Hey, man.
>> You're going down.
>> We're watching you, boy.
>> We're watching you.
>> Back off, back off, back off.
>> Don't play no games, boy.
>> He is not joking.
>> Hi, Zachary.
>> [LAUGH] And
you guys think you're funny.
That's funny.
>> All right, sit.
>> Come here, Zachary.
>> Hi, Zachary, how are you doing?
>> Good, how are you?
>> I'm good.
Okay, leave the money in your pocket.
>> [LAUGH]
>> So, do you know these guys?
You know their movies?
>> Yeah.
>> What movies do you know?
>> I know Daddy's Home, I know Elf.
>> Right.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> I know-
>> Boogie Nights?
>> [LAUGH] Boogie Nights?
>> Yeah, I know that one.
No, I don't, I don't know that one.
>> [LAUGH]
>> You sure?
>> Yeah.
>> No, that's all I know.
>> All right, well, that's all right.
And do think you're gonna win?
You think you're smarter than them?
Okay.
>> [LAUGH]
>> All right.
>> You look smarter than us,
that's for sure.
>> How do you do in school, pretty well?
>> I do pretty well, yeah.
I'm a straight-A student.
>> Good, that's good.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> All right,
you can get behind your podiums-
>> There we go, okay.
>> And I will ask the questions.
>> [LAUGH]
>> All right, now,
you can see you might have to
write something down, you may not.
>> Okay, well, that's your department.
[CROSSTALK]
>> I won't be buzzing anything.
>> Two of the biggest stars on
the planet are Will and Mark.
What is the seventh planet from the sun?
[SOUND]
>> Yes, Zachary?
>> Neptune.
>> Uranus.
>> Yes, it is!
>> Hey, yours.
[SOUND]
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> You hear what he said about you?
He said up your anus.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Man, this kid is a.
>> Here we go, it's 1 to 0.
Here we go.
>> Wow.
>> How many legs does a butterfly have?
>> That- [SOUND]
>> Yes, Will?
>> Dude, you scared me, man!
>> [LAUGH]
>> How many legs does a butterfly have?
>> Can you repeat the question?
>> [LAUGH]
>> You know, when I hit a shot and
it lands real soft on the green,
just a little spin back,
I say it landed like
a butterfly with sore feet.
>> How many-
>> Four.
>> No.
[SOUND]
>> Zachary?
>> Six.
>> That's right.
[SOUND]
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Yeah, keep that fired up.
>> Are you looking stuff up?
>> I'm asking Siri a couple of questions.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Okay, let's see if Siri is as fast.
Here we go.
A heptagon is a shape with how many sides?
[SOUND]
>> Seven.
>> That's right.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Yes, you got a heptagon!
>> Enjoy it while you can,
that's the only one you get.
>> Hey, we got a heptagon, boy.
>> All right.
>> [LAUGH] Boy.
>> Zachary's getting cocky.
>> You got a heptagon?
>> I got one!
>> I'm gonna turn you into
a heptagon after this is over.
>> [LAUGH]
>> How many bones are in a typical adult
human's body?
[SOUND]
>> Zachary.
>> 206.
>> That's right.
[SOUND]
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> As Gwen Stefani once said,
this blank is bananas, B-A-N-A-N-A-S.
[SOUND].
So spell bananas backwards.
>> [LAUGH]
>> I thought you said the word [BLEEP].
>> That's the lyrics to the song.
>> Yeah, but I didn't want to say
[BLEEP] cuz there's a kid here.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> But you just said [BLEEP].
>> You said [BLEEP].
>> I said [BLEEP].
>> Now you said [BLEEP] how many times?
Four.
>> My mom talks like a truck driver and
I have a 15-year-old sister.
>> Really?
So you're fine.
>> [LAUGH]
>> You're cool.
>> Yeah.
>> Mom talks like a truck driver-
>> All right,
spell bananas backwards, Will.
>> Aerospace engineers are foul-mouthed.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Write it out, then, just so they know.
B-A-N-A-N-A-S.
>> S-A-N-A-N-A-B.
>> That's right!
[SOUND]
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> 3 to 2.
Who starred in the movie The Other Guys?
[SOUND]
>> Sam Jackson, Dwayne Johnson.
And Will Ferrell.
>> And Mark Wahlberg
>> Yeah, Mark Wahlberg and Will Ferrell.
[SOUND].
All right.
>> It's all tied up
>> All right, here we go.
>> Here we go.
>> We're back on track.
>> Okay.
>> What is 4/7 plus 1/16?
>> [LAUGH]
[SOUND]
>> [LAUGH] Zachary?
>> 112, something 112.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> 112.
>> It's 71/112.
>> That's right [LAUGH].
[SOUND]
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Hey, I gotta give it to you
on that one, man.
I'm on your team now.
[SOUND]
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> I'm gonna come on your team.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Daddy's Home 2 is in theaters November
10th.